[DOC-368] Added documentation to independent_satisfy mode (#178)
Certora/Documentation: docs/prover/cli/options.md

**Example**
`certoraRun Bank.sol --verify Bank:Bank.spec --multi_assert_check`

(--independent_satisfy)=
### `--independent_satisfy`

**What does it do?**

> The `independent_satisfy` mode checks each satisfy statement independently from all other satisfy statements that occurs in a rule. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The independent satisfy mode checks each {ref}`satisfy statement <satisfy>` independently from all other satisfy statements that occurs in a rule. 
```

> Normally, each satisfy statement will be turned into a sub-rule (similarly to the `multi_assert_check` mode), 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Normally, each satisfy statement will be turned into a subrule (similarly to the {ref}`--multi_assert_check` mode), 
```

but previously encountered satisfy statements will be still considered when creating a satisfying assignment.

> Turning on the `independent_satisfy` mode will, for each sub-rule, ignore all currently not-checked satisfy statements.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Turning on the `independent_satisfy` mode will ignore all currently unchecked satisfy statements for each subrule.
```

> As an illustrative example, consider the following rule `R` that has two satisfy:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As an illustrative example, consider the following rule `R` that has two satisfy statements:
```

```cvl
…
bool b;
satisfy b, "R1";
satisfy !b, "R2";
…
```

The `independent_satisfy` mode would generate and check two sub-rules: `R1` where `b` is satisfied (by `b=true`) while `satisfy !b` is removed, and `R2` where `satisfy b` is removed, and `!b` is satisfied (by `b=false`).

> Without turning `independent_satisfy` mode on, `R2` would have failed, as it would try to satisfy `b /\ !b`.

Reviewer: I might write these out as rules:

````
```cvl
rule R1_independent {
  ...
  satisfy b, "R1";
  // satisfy !b, "R2";
}

rule R2_independent {
  ...
  // satisfy b, "R1";
  satisfy !b, "R2";
}
```
````

...

````
```cvl
rule R_default {
  ...
  satisfy b && !b, "R1";
}
```

Author: Added examples

> Without turning `independent_satisfy` mode on, `R2` would have failed, as it would try to satisfy `b /\ !b`.

Reviewer: Always use `&&` instead of `/\`

Author: Done

**When to use it?**

> When you have a rule with multiple satisfy statements, and you would like to check each case separately.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When you have a rule with multiple satisfy statements, and you would like to demonstrate each statement separately.
```

**Example**
`certoraRun Bank.sol --verify Bank:Bank.spec --multi_assert_check`

(--independent_satisfy)=
### `--independent_satisfy`

**What does it do?**
The independent satisfy mode checks each {ref}`satisfy statement <satisfy>` independently from all other satisfy statements that occurs in a rule. 
Normally, each satisfy statement will be turned into a sub-rule (similarly to the {ref}`--multi_assert_check` mode), 
but previously encountered satisfy statements will be still considered when creating a satisfying assignment.
Turning on the `independent_satisfy` mode will ignore all currently unchecked satisfy statements for each sub-rule.

As an illustrative example, consider the following rule `R` that has two satisfy statements:

```cvl
rule R {
  bool b;
  satisfy b, "R1";
  satisfy !b, "R2";
}
```

The statements for "R1" and "R2" will actually create two sub-rules equivalent to:
```cvl
rule R1_default {
  bool b;
  satisfy b, "R1";
}

rule R2_default {
  bool b;

>   assume b, "R1";

Reviewer: `assume` is not valid CVL; I think you mean `require`.  The example is a little confusing because the way it is written, the `b && !b` is only showing up in a comment, while the point of showing the examples is to explain the semantics in terms of CVL.  Perhaps if it said "this attempts to produce an example that satisfies both `b` and `!b`" it would be more accurate?

Author: I tried to improved the comment by equating it to a satisfy b && !b, "R2"

  satisfy !b, "R2"; // This actually checks b && !b
}
```

> The `independent_satisfy` mode would also generate and check two sub-rules: `R1` where `b` is satisfied (by `b=true`) while `satisfy !b` is removed, and `R2` where `satisfy b` is removed, and `!b` is satisfied (by `b=false`).

Reviewer: The order here is a little confusing, because we first give the non-independent version, then explain the independent version, then explain the non-independent version, and finally show the independent version.  Separating them more (non-independent first, independent second) would make it easier to follow.

Author: I agree. I mixed it up a bit

> Without turning `independent_satisfy` mode on, `R2` would have failed, as it would try to satisfy `b && !b`. The two `independent_satisfy` generated sub-rules will be equivalent to:

Reviewer: I would start a new paragraph before "The two", because it's not clear that we're switching to the new example.

Author: 🫡

**Example**
`certoraRun Bank.sol --verify Bank:Bank.spec --multi_assert_check`

(--independent_satisfy)=
### `--independent_satisfy`

**What does it do?**
The independent satisfy mode checks each {ref}`satisfy statement <satisfy>` independently from all other satisfy statements that occurs in a rule. 
Normally, each satisfy statement will be turned into a sub-rule (similarly to the {ref}`--multi_assert_check` mode), 
but previously encountered satisfy statements will be still considered when creating a satisfying assignment.

As an illustrative example of the default mode, consider the following rule `R` that has two satisfy statements:

```cvl
rule R {
  bool b;
  satisfy b, "R1";
  satisfy !b, "R2";
}
```

The statements for "R1" and "R2" will actually create two sub-rules equivalent to:
```cvl
rule R1_default {
  bool b;
  satisfy b, "R1";
}

rule R2_default {
  bool b;
  // Previous satisfy statements are required in default mode.
  require b; // R1
  // Due to requiring `b`, this satisfy statement is equivalent to 'satisfy b && !b, "R2";'
  satisfy !b, "R2"; 
}
```

> Without turning `independent_satisfy` mode on, `R2` would have failed, as it would try to satisfy `b && !b`. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Without turning `independent_satisfy` mode on, `R2` would have failed, as it would try to satisfy `b && !b`, an unsatisfiable contradiction. 
```
